<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [ContextProvider][1]
-   [DataProvider][2]
-   [BaseLayoutProvider][3]
-   [BaseLayoutProvider][4]
-   [BaseLayoutProvider][5]
-   [Component][6]
-   [Component][7]
-   [Component][8]
-   [Component][9]
-   [Error][10]
-   [VirtualRenderer][11]
-   [RecycleItemPool][12]
-   [ViewabilityTracker][13]
-   [BinarySearch][14]
    -   [findValueSmallerThanTarget][15]
    -   [findValueLargerThanTarget][16]
-   [TSCast][17]
-   [default][18]
-   [default][19]
-   [default][20]
-   [DefaultJSItemAnimator][21]
-   [DefaultJSItemAnimator][22]
-   [BaseItemAnimator][23]
-   [AutoScroll][24]
-   [LayoutManager][25]
-   [LayoutManager][26]
-   [ProgressiveListView][27]

## ContextProvider

## DataProvider

## BaseLayoutProvider

Created by talha.naqvi on 05/04/17.
You can create a new instance or inherit and override default methods
You may need access to data provider here, it might make sense to pass a function which lets you fetch the latest data provider
Why only indexes? The answer is to allow data virtualization in the future. Since layouts are accessed much before the actual render assuming having all
data upfront will only limit possibilites in the future.

By design LayoutProvider forces you to think in terms of view types. What that means is that you'll always be dealing with a finite set of view templates
with deterministic dimensions. We want to eliminate unnecessary re-layouts that happen when height, by mistake, is not taken into consideration.
This patters ensures that your scrolling is as smooth as it gets. You can always increase the number of types to handle non deterministic scenarios.

NOTE: You can also implement features such as ListView/GridView switch by simple changing your layout provider.

## BaseLayoutProvider

## BaseLayoutProvider

## Component

## Component

## Component

## Component

## Error

## VirtualRenderer

## RecycleItemPool

## ViewabilityTracker

## BinarySearch

### findValueSmallerThanTarget

Largest value from given values that is smaller or equal to the target number.

**Parameters**

-   `values`  
-   `target`  

### findValueLargerThanTarget

Smallest value from given values that is larger or equal to the target number.

**Parameters**

-   `values`  
-   `target`  

## TSCast

## default

## default

## default

## DefaultJSItemAnimator

Default implementation of RLV layout animations for react native. These ones are purely JS driven. Also, check out DefaultNativeItemAnimator
for an implementation on top of LayoutAnimation. We didn't use it by default due the fact that LayoutAnimation is quite
unstable on Android and to avoid unnecessary interference with developer flow. It would be very easy to do so manually if
you need to. Check DefaultNativeItemAnimator for inspiration. LayoutAnimation definitely gives better performance but is
hardly customizable.

## DefaultJSItemAnimator

## BaseItemAnimator

## AutoScroll

## LayoutManager

## LayoutManager

## ProgressiveListView

This will incremently update renderAhread distance and render the page progressively.

[1]: #contextprovider

[2]: #dataprovider

[3]: #baselayoutprovider

[4]: #baselayoutprovider-1

[5]: #baselayoutprovider-2

[6]: #component

[7]: #component-1

[8]: #component-2

[9]: #component-3

[10]: #error

[11]: #virtualrenderer

[12]: #recycleitempool

[13]: #viewabilitytracker

[14]: #binarysearch

[15]: #findvaluesmallerthantarget

[16]: #findvaluelargerthantarget

[17]: #tscast

[18]: #default

[19]: #default-1

[20]: #default-2

[21]: #defaultjsitemanimator

[22]: #defaultjsitemanimator-1

[23]: #baseitemanimator

[24]: #autoscroll

[25]: #layoutmanager

[26]: #layoutmanager-1

[27]: #progressivelistview
